
Using MiG under Windows
-----------------------

I haven't tested MiG using an IIS system.  I don't have an NT box handy,
and don't want to :-)  But I have tested it using Personal Web Server under
Windows98 on my laptop.  It worked out of the box using PWS 4.0 with PHP4.

I installed PWS 4.0 using all of the default settings.

I installed PHP based on these directions:
    http://www.php.net/manual/install-windows95-nt.php

After the PHP install, I dropped MiG onto the system and it worked with no
changes whatsoever.  You will need to tell your web server that the folder
you stick MiG into has "execute" permission, though.  See the documentation
for your web server on how to do this.  You may also have to tell the web
server to use "index.php" as one of the default document names for a given
directory.

If you find your results are different, please drop an email to let me know
at <mig-bugs@tangledhelix.com>.

(I know of at least one person using MiG in a Win2000/IIS5 environment.
They had problems until they upgraded to PHP 4.0.2, so my recommendation is
that you should use PHP 4.0.2 or the latest verion of PHP if you are trying
to use MiG under Windows.)


Windows Installation
--------------------

Windows users will need to modify the install directions a bit.  Read over
the "INSTALLATION AND BASICS" section of docs/Install.txt and make the
following changes:

1. Instead of using gzip and tar, unpack the archive using Winzip or
   similar.  Winzip should know how to handle .tar.gz files.

2. Instead of running "install.sh", you'll want to use the "install.bat"
   batch-file script.  Double-clicking on it is adequate.

3. This will install everything into c:\mig.  Because of the limitations
   of batch files I couldn't do much more than that.  If you can, please
   feel free to rewrite the batch file installer and send me a copy.

   (Note that I intentionally avoided use of "choice" because it is not
   available on the Windows NT4 platform.  Or if you know of a good win32
   GUI installer that is free or cheap, let me know.  I didn't find any
   and I can't afford to buy InstallShield.  Alternately you can volunteer
   to maintain the win32 packaging of MiG if you want to.  Drop me a line.)

4. Then you can drag 'n drop files over to wherever you need them
   (for instance maybe c:\inetpub\wwwroot\mig) or if you want you can just
   use c:\mig and have your webserver map a virtual directory there.  See
   your web server's documentation for how to do that.

5. Make sure you don't copy over your photo files, please.  I can't warrant
   that won't happen, because I've seen some really odd things happen when
   dragging files and folders around in Windows Explorer.  Please be
   careful and backups wouldn't hurt, either.


Miscellaneous Notes
-------------------

I'm told by a user in Germany that MiG works under Windows NT and IIS.
It seems that you'd be well served to upgrade to the latest version of PHP
though, so if you're using Windows, please upgrade to the most recent
version of PHP.  You can find it at http://www.php.net/

I'm also told by this same user that having a comma in a filename or
directory name causes trouble on their Windows platform (although I have
had no problems with same under Linux or Solaris).  So be aware of that.
Other special characters may not work either.  It might be safest to just
use alphabetics, numbers and things like underscore and hyphen.  Remember
that an underscore will be shown as a space in folder names, so as far as
the folder names go, an underscore is equivalent to a space as far as MiG
is concerned (in folder names, anyway).

